Cheats:

Basics:
Jump from platform to platform while defeating enemies with melee and magic attacks. 
Collect mana and health potions when you find them to restore health and mana.
Approach braziers to activate checkpoints.
Defeat  the level boss to win or complete quest objectives to beat the level.

Controls:

 Move Left = A/left arrow
Move Right = D/right arrow
Jump = space button
Pause Menu = escape button
Melee Attack = U
Basic spell attack = I
Ice spell attack = O 
Health Regen Spell = P
Fire Spell attack = J
Time spell attack = K 
Sand spell attack = L
Crouch - down arrow/ S
Dodge = F

Walkthrough:
For a visual represnetation of each  level's main path see  the level design section of the design doc.

Level One Walkthrough: Move Pandora to the right and hop down to the next platform, then turn around and hop onto another small platform below you. From here  jump down to the next platform to your left then turn around, jump down and battle a skeleton.

Next, jump to the platform on the right, then continue jumping on platform on tht direction to until you reach Hephestus's Forge. You'll battle several snakes along the way.Return. 

After speaking with Hephesstus, back track a few platforms to where you collected mana and fought a snake.
Jump to the left then down and to the left. Battle a skeleton and pick  up the health potion if you need it. Jump up to the small platform  on the left and collect the thyme.

Jump to the right, battle a skeleton, then jump down, go right and jump down again to reach your first checkpoint. The jump down to the right, fight another skelteon, jump to the right again then land on a platform below.

Turn left and jump down several times until you find the cursed tablet. Turn right, jump, defeat a skelton, then jump up to the right twice and batte a snake. Head up two more platforms battle a snake and jump up once more.

Jump to the right, fight a skeleton, then head right, then up and right again. Battle another skeleton, jump down and to the right three times  then fight another skeleton and a snake.

Jump up and grab the mana potion then up to the left and fight a snake. Jump up to the left again to unlock the next checkpoint , the jump up to the right to find the Ginger and defeat a snake. Jump left, battle a skeleton, then jump  left again and collect a health potion. 

After the dialoug ends you'll have unlocked the double jump. Use double jump to return to Hephestus's forge. Speak with him and he will fix the  jar.

--end--



Level Two Walkthrough:
Defeat the skelton then, jump up and right, battle a snake and jump up and right again. Jump right, kill a skelton then jump to the left  and kill a snakes. Jump up to the right, collect a health potion then jump up to activate a checkpoint.

Jump down to the right, then left and defeat a skelton. Jump down to the left twice then down to the right and down to the left  again. Watch out for the spikes.

Head down and to the left then turn and head down to the right. Turn left jump down then jump down again. Turn around and jump right. Defeat the skeleton and jump up to the right then down rto the right twice. SNag a health potion and jump to the right three times. Jump up and activate the checkpoint 
Then jump up defeat a skeletona dn jummp up again. Take out another skeleyon, jump up twice and defeat Envy in a boss battle.

--end--


Level Three Walkthrough: